{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa213\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Brandon Paxton is a Software who has expertise in various programming languages including Java, C#, Javascript, SQL/MySQL, Kotlin, and Groovy, as well as frameworks such as Grails, Spring, MVC5, and Core.\
In his most recent role as a Senior Software Developer at Veridian Credit Union, Brandon utilizes C#, SqlServer, and ASP.net to build custom integrations with third-party systems/APIs. He is responsible for designing code, creating relational databases, and thoroughly testing all projects. Additionally, he specializes in developing chat bots using C#, Google Cloud Platform, and DialogFlow.\
He also created mobile-first single-page web applications using various technologies such as Java, Groovy, Grails, Spring Boot, Spring Security, JavaScript, React, Node, Micronaut, MySQL, Redis, Apache Camel, and Docker. Notably, he contributed to the creation of a dynamic library for form generation using react-hook-forms and implemented a custom search function component. Brandon also integrated the application with external services like Calendly and Microsoft Graph and utilized Java to build a custom HTTP builder service.\
Throughout his career, he has actively contributed to testing efforts to ensure the quality and functionality of the developed software. Brandon's comprehensive skill set and problem-solving abilities make him well-equipped to carry out effective software testing processes, including test planning, test case design, test execution, defect tracking, and test result analysis.\
\
Brandon holds a degree in Computer Science with an emphasis on Application Development from Doane College. He also completed coursework in Computer Information Technology with an emphasis on Programming and Application Development at Southeast Community College. Additionally, he holds a BA in Advertising with a concentration in Business Marketing from the University of Nebraska Lincoln.}